guess the weight jake was buying veggies
for his lunch recipe
he purchased a bag of carrots when a
shady man
approached him and told him sir i don't
have any money with me
but i really need those carrots let's
make a deal
if i write your carrots exact weight on
this paper
you'll have to give them to me if i
don't i'll give you my watch
jake agreed thinking there was too small
a chance for the stranger to guess the
number correctly
the mysterious guy scribbled something
on the paper and gave it to jake
as soon as jake read it he handed him
the bag of carrots
what did the man write on the paper
your carrots exact weight just like he
said he would
[Music]
will he win the game mark was visiting a
new game store in his neighborhood
that day staff members were giving away
free games
if the customers answered their
questions correctly
mark got in the queue and waited
anxiously to see if he'd get the board
game he wanted
when his turn arrived the staff member
said what has six
faces but doesn't wear makeup has 21
eyes but can't see mark was relieved
when he heard the riddle
and as soon as he answered he got the
game
what was his reply
[Music]
a dice the indivisible apples
sam went apple picking with his sister
and on the way back
they met their four cousins there were
only five apples in the basket
and sam had to divide them equally
between his sister and their cousins
but one apple had to remain in the
basket that he'd take home
how would he divide the apples
[Music]
he'd give four apples to his four
cousins leaving one apple in the basket
for his sister
and walk home with her the new
retail store john's friend
susie opened a new retail store and she
came up with a new method
to price her stock a tie costs fifteen
dollars
a belt twenty dollars a beret twenty
five dollars
and a blazer thirty dollars using this
method
how much would a handbag cost
[Music]
35 bucks she's charging five dollars for
each letter you need to spell a clothing
item
the apple tree simon won the title for
being the smartest person in his town
one day he woke up in an evil scientist
basement
oh who would have thought who wanted to
prove that simon was
cheating at each test so he broadcasted
the event live on social media to prove
his point
he said all right simon i'll ask you a
simple math question
a farmer in california has an apple tree
in his backyard
and supplies the fruit from the tree to
a local grocery store
on sunday the store owner called the
farmer to see how much fruit he'll
deliver on monday
the farmer knows that the main trunk has
26 branches
each branch has exactly 15 bows each bow
eight twigs and each twig one fruit
how many oranges will the farmer deliver
simon immediately gave the correct reply
can you
none said simon apple trees don't bear
oranges
wow when partying goes
wrong mason jacob suzy and edward were
having a party at edward's place
the next day edward was found
unconscious and
none of the three friends knew what
happened to him
when the police showed up they found a
note next to edward's calendar
it read 3 4 9 10 11.
immediately the detective knew who did
it what about you
it was mason the note was next to a
calendar
take the first letters transform them
into months
and you get mason 3 equals march 4
equals april
9 equals september 10 equals october 11
equals
hmm which one is that
where's mary sarah and jamie were
spending the weekend at mary's house
on saturday they went to bed late and
when they woke up the next day
mary was gone she left a note on her
nightstand that read
come find me here noon dash dl
what does the note point to a city a
famous mountain
a forest or an island
a city if you unscramble the letters
it reads london the right door
mike was driving for seven hours on the
freeway when his tire blew up
he called for help and they said it will
cost him two hundred dollars to fix it
he was angry because he was thirsty
hungry and didn't have any money
in front of him still sitting in the car
three doors appeared
each with signs above showing where they
lead the first is full of food
burgers spaghetti lobsters and pizza
the second is topped with beverages from
energy drinks to sodas and iced teas
the third door has a million dollars in
cash
which door should mike open first
[Music]
his car door
who took the car mr ronald returned home
from his three-week vacation
only to find his car missing he left
three of his employees at work to take
care of the house
but none of them were there when he
returned to catch them off guard
mr ronald video called each one
sean said he was on the bus back home
after a long night out
george said he was heading to school for
his lecture but he could pop by to help
him find his car
chris said he had just arrived at his
hotel room in italy
and had no idea what happened with the
vehicle
right away mr ronald knew who was lying
it was chris the clock behind him showed
the exact same time as the one on his
phone
he wasn't in italy the correct path
luke was hiking in the mountains for two
days when he got lost
he came across two paths one leads to a
nearby town
and the other one will get him lost
forever
there are two twin girls there who know
which way leads to the town
luke can only ask them one question but
there's a catch
one of the girls always lies and the
other always tells the truth
and luke doesn't know which one will be
truthful
25 minutes later luke arrived at the
nearby town
what did he ask the girls
[Music]
if i ask your sister for the correct
path which one would she show me
they'll both point in the same direction
which means
luke took the path they didn't point at
where's he hiding jim escaped from
prison on saturday
the police had been patrolling the town
he was last seen in
until they got a tip a neighbor saw him
entering one of these three houses
but he couldn't remember which one the
police took a closer look at the houses
and arrested him how did they find out
the correct house
it's the last one on the right the car
is facing the road
a common technique people on the run use
to get away without losing time
where does she live mia left her
mother's home because they had a big
argument
her mother wanted to know where her
daughter was going but when she got back
home from work on tuesday
mia was still missing mia didn't have a
phone
and her mom didn't know where she went
two hours later
she found out where she was staying how
she dialed the last number on the phone
and told the person on the other side
that they'd won the lottery
she told them they needed their name and
address to give them the prize
which is the correct door shane is an
archaeologist who snuck into some
underground caves in egypt
when the guard spotted him they started
chasing it he ran fast
and came across oh guess what three
doors
behind the first one were four
aggressive crocodiles
behind the second was an explosive
device that would go off
in five minutes and behind the third was
a dirty pond filled with bacteria and
parasites
which door should he pick
the second door but because the guards
were coming quickly
he should move the device to the room
with the crocodiles and then run away to
avoid being caught
the lost suitcase jenna and neal got
back from their holidays in hawaii
upon returning they discovered that
their suitcase never made it into the
baggage claim area
it was either lost or taken by somebody
the briefcase had a lock on it
when airport security showed up they
questioned three people with some
convincing alibis
the steward said he checked the plane
and couldn't find any luggage
the captain said the suitcase was
probably forgotten in hawaii
but nobody would open it because it was
locked
the airport security guard said he just
called the airport in hawaii
and nobody knew what happened
immediately the police arrested the
captain
why
he knew the suitcase was locked but
nobody told
him that the break-in
susan's apartment was broken into the
day before halloween
when she went home from work and saw the
mess she called the police
the door didn't have any signs of a
break-in just an open window
the detectives questioned three of her
neighbors mrs ruth was knitting a pair
of gloves for her great-granddaughter
michael said he was working a 14-hour
shift the day before
and he was sleeping all day dennis said
he had broken his leg
and didn't leave his home for three
weeks the police
immediately knew who was guilty
[Music]
it was michael he was the only one able
to climb into a window
wait a minute you don't think granny
could do that you should see her doing
burpees
hmm